Oh oh hey there was an expecting company
oh just uh doing my workouts Wednesday's
your arms and speed oh the bird such a
deep deep burn barely with my right arm
I don't know if you noticed but the germ
ometer up there said I did over 5,000
yeah I know what you're thinking that
makes me the world's fastest drummer
that's a fact I'm the world's fastest
drummer I don't want to brag about it
before but figured I'd show you guys
today my skills so hope you don't mind
just gonna put these over here Oh watch
out for the guns they'll get you so yeah
world's fastest drummer just waiting on
the belt doing a discount double check
over here me and Aaron Rodgers are
obviously friends because I'm the
world's fastest drummer and uh you know
is one of the world's greatest
quarterbacks so it's only uh only
natural that we do the discount double
check together just sayin
so yeah world's fastest drummer what did
you do with your life today I'm just
kidding April Fool's April Fool's April
Fool's April Fool's I'm not actually the
world's fastest drummer very far from it
actually but uh you know I got a little
bit of speed there you know something
like that like I can do that oh oh
that's some skill just kidding guys
April Fool's of course I'm sure you knew
that by now hopefully you did hopefully
didn't think that was serious because it
totally wasn't um yeah definitely not
world's fastest drummer in fact very far
from it my single strokes are nowhere
near the incredible levels
of speed that some of those guys have
like Mike Mangini Johnny Reb Tom Gras
stood all those guys just have speed for
days and months and weeks and years and
it's absolutely incredible and really
really cool so I just got my drum
monitor and my world's fastest drumming
Remo practice pad here that goes along
with it the play along too and I was
just so excited to do something with it
I wanted to make my April Fool's video
with this and just have some fun with it
you know maybe I don't know make you
guys laugh a little bit hopefully you
enjoyed it obviously if you've seen the
movie anchorman I was doing the workout
scene when he calls miss Corningstone
into the office miss Corningstone into
the office and he's like got his shirt
off and he's like pumping iron he's like
1000 1001 1002 and clearly he didn't do
a thousand although I did do five
thousand just not in 60 seconds I took
took a little while I did a bunch of
different funny stuff you'll you'll see
that in the behind the scenes video but
yeah so just having some fun with that
trying to recreate some of the ways that
that my favorite actor Will Ferrell duds
some of his lines and stuff like the Oh
deep burn this being stupid you know you
know me I'm a funny year I don't know
about funny maybe funny is not the right
word I'm a I'm a weirdo I think it's a
better word there but uh you know just
having fun for you guys so yeah that's
what that is that's what this video was
all about just an April Fool's joke for
you guys hope you enjoyed it hope you
all know share it share it with your
friends have a laugh but this video is
also to inform you guys of something and
that is the world's fastest drumming
Southeast Regional I'm actually involved
in it this year not really competing
because like I said I'm nowhere near the
the level of some of those guys but at
the same time you know you do it for fun
you do it you do it to get better every
year and stuff so actually I might go
out and try my hand at it as well just
to see what kind of score I get but
there's preliminaries all next week I'll
put the dates on the screen here and
I'll put the info in the description
it's at the atlanta institute of music
and media
Lanta I believe on the actual day of I
may be doing the performance the big
championships and everything down there
so that's going to be a lot of fun and
really if you haven't checked out a gem
ometer before you need to check one out
there's a lot of cool things this thing
can do
besides counting speed because I know a
lot of you guys are like oh man like
blah blah blah blat technique or that
speed isn't what's important like it's
not it's not the most important thing
and this isn't like a training tool to
make you like this is what you need to
learn this is just something fun
something cool little competitive side
because as drummers we have a
competitive side but like drumming
itself can't be competitive besides like
the Guitar Center Drum Off and stuff
like that but that's still very
opinionated and not a statistical and so
that's what this is it's a statistical
measurement of actually being like the
best or the fastest I guess is the is
the way to say that so like I said Tom
Grosset is currently the world-record
holder and if you haven't checked out
his YouTube channel you need to do that
because the dude is not only really
really crazy insane fast but he's also a
killer player too which is one thing
that some people try and say like oh man
those world fastest drummers they got
bad technique they don't have to play
drums no some guys maybe not so much but
there are a lot of people who know how
to do both and Tom Grosset is one of
those guys he's a killer player on the
kit and he's insanely fast well I'll
link his channel over here you can check
that out but yeah guys that was the
video for today make sure you check out
the world's fastest drumming Southeast
Regional information in the description
and click on those links and go check it
all out and come out to it maybe come
say hi I'm sure I'll be around on at
least the the championship day and
everything so come by say hello come out
to the atlanta institute of music and
media and thanks for watching my April
Fool's video now be careful because I'm
sure you'll get fooled some more today
have a good one